well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I mentioned that I don't like
Facebook memes oh how do people ask me
why today I conducted a demonstration
shear to mean I saw on Facebook it's a
picture of a OC it's got the quote I
like to take the guns early take the
guns first due process second so I
shared it then I waited a few hours I
went to the shares people who shared it
for me and I looked at the comments
section to see what people had said
about it I'm going to read some of the
comments to you most of not gonna read
them verbatim because some of them are
pretty bad truly the most ignorant
member of Congress due process second
lol is you're part of the female anatomy
hurting because Bronx now repped by
dumbest broad in history female dog
can't read needs to read word I'm
assuming is supposed to be Constitution
I don't I can't breathe
commie socialists don't believe in due
process go figure
drag this traitor out in the street this
dumb
[Music]
a lot of bad things Naga
now I like to this mean when I shared
this mean because second time has
happened to her
another quote the one around from her
was owning guns isn't a right if it was
it would be in the Constitution and
there are still people who believe that
she said that she didn't say either one
of these things in fact the one that I
shared this quote I like to take the
guns early take the guns first due
process second that's Donald Trump maca
now when people were informed of who
actually said this no longer the dumbest
brought in history all of a sudden they
wanted context this is why I don't like
memes boils things down to talking
points in eliminates discussion it's a
slogan it invigorates the base but it
doesn't create any meaningful discussion
it limits it those who want to believe
the information presented in it do and
those who don't find some way to
discredit it completely destroys any
meaningful conversation and meaningful
conversation is something that we need
in this country desperately so let's
have some Donald Trump is not pro Second
Amendment that quote proves it it really
does if you're willing to disarm
somebody without due process that is not
a pro Second Amendment stance he's
already enacted more regulations on
firearms than Obama did so what is her
actual stance well we don't really know
and voted on anything yet but in her
position statement says there are ways
to curb gun violence without running
afoul of the Second Amendment so to her
it's at least a concern whereas with
Donald Trump we'll worry about due
process later
so it certainly appears that the silly
commie socialist is more
second-amendment than the president so
anyway all of this reminds me of one of
my favorite quotes don't believe
everything you read or see on the
Internet
George Washington anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night